# Dynamic Capital Content Editorial Guidelines

## Introduction

Dynamic Capital’s content aims to demystify the crypto industry, helping users
from all walks of life understand the latest industry developments, hottest
projects, and how to participate and get involved.

We do this by:

- Constantly having our finger on the pulse of what is happening within the
  crypto industry, across all sectors and verticals.
- Diving deeper to understand the context of all of these latest developments,
  and also drawing parallels and comparisons with broader context and historical
  examples.
- Being mindful of the topics but more importantly projects we cover, so that we
  build trust and credibility with our users.
- Being comprehensive and meticulous in our research, sticking to being factual
  and not succumbing to hype or FUD.
- Articulating the facts in an accessible manner that can be easily understood,
  leveraging different media such as charts, diagrams, and videos to communicate
  information.
- While maintaining an optimistic tone on projects or topics we cover, balancing
  that by calling out the clear risks and pitfalls.

## Editorial Values

While we are not a news outlet, we still strive to uphold the highest standards
of editorial quality and integrity. The trust of our users is our most valuable
asset, and it is important that we constantly strive to inculcate and preserve
that trust through every piece of content that Dynamic Capital publishes. Just
as our users rely on our coins and exchanges pages as a trusted source of
up-to-date information, the same expectations extend to the content we produce
as well.

Accuracy is paramount to our work, whether that is presenting a slice of data
analysis, or covering the facts about a newly launched protocol. We are as
thorough as possible when researching topics. To the best of our abilities, we
fact-check and verify facts and information across multiple sources. When there
may be unavoidable gaps in data or we make certain assumptions, it is called out
clearly.

We understand that context matters, and it is always important to frame topics
in the right manner. We try to provide as much relevant background information
as feasible so that users can understand the broader circumstances, and
appreciate the reasons behind certain events happening within the industry.

Crypto is an industry that lends itself to esoteric concepts and jargon. We
strive to speak in plain language, in line with our mission to demystify the
industry. Where necessary we draw parallels with more commonly understood
examples to illustrate concepts, and use the aid of media such as diagrams,
charts, infographics to improve our presentation.

We are optimists but not maximalists. We will give projects a fair shake and the
benefit of the doubt, but will also cast their lofty pronunciations and
ambitions through a lens of realism. Where there are clear and obvious risks,
challenges or gaps, we will call it out in a fair and balanced manner. This also
means we are selective in the topics and projects that we choose to cover.

Finally, we will fiercely assert our editorial independence. Our writers and
analysts retain significant agency, and frequently produce original work. We do
not publish any content that has not been vetted by our editors. If a particular
content is sponsored, the client may suggest certain changes or modifications,
but we retain final editorial say. We will not obfuscate material facts, or
publish something that could be misleading to our users.

## Not Financial Advice

Dynamic Capital does not, and is not licensed to provide any form of financial
advice. While maintaining an optimistic tone, in all of our content we aim to be
factual and balanced, without embellishment or bombast. We actively avoid and
disallow the mention of any price targets and predictions, except in reference
to an external news report or third-party source.

All of Dynamic Capital’s content is provided strictly as general information
only, and any use or reliance on our content is solely at the user’s own risk
and discretion. Any projects mentioned by Dynamic Capital in our content should
not be construed as an endorsement or recommendation of their products or
services.

## Conflicts of Interest

Dynamic Capital has a dedicated Business Development team that is responsible,
amongst other things, for selling advertising on our platforms, as well as
content. They work independently of the Content team, and have their own set of
guidelines and policies for accepting advertising or content clients.

While some of our content may be sponsored by a client, they are governed by the
Sponsored Content policy described below. All sponsored content relationships
are owned by the Business Development team, independent of the Content team.
Content team members will not directly accept money, tokens, or other forms of
inducement from any individuals or entities to produce any form of content.

A user may occasionally be served ads in the midst of our content. Advertising
relationships have no impact on the content produced by Dynamic Capital, and do
not necessarily represent the views of Dynamic Capital and its Content team.

Content team members may have some degree of investments or involvement (e.g.,
through participating in a DAO) in certain projects that we cover. Writers and
analysts may not produce content which includes projects that they may have a
significant investment, controlling stake, or play a prominent role in. Should
such a situation arise, they are required to disclose this to an editor, and the
piece is to be reassigned to an unconflicted writer or analyst.

## Sponsored Content

As part of our engagement with clients, Dynamic Capital occasionally produces
and/or publishes content which is sponsored or paid for by external parties.
Where a piece of content is sponsored, we will indicate them clearly as such at
the beginning of the piece.

All sponsored content is still held to the exact same editorial guidelines set
out in this document, and it is the responsibility of Dynamic Capital editors
working with our clients to ensure that these guidelines are met. Specifically,
this includes (but is not limited to) “Not Financial Advice”. Dynamic Capital
retains final editorial say over all content published on our platforms,
including the right to reject any content that does not meet our guidelines.

While we take pains to curate the list of clients that we work with, having
Sponsored Content published on any of Dynamic Capital’s platforms should not be
construed as Dynamic Capital’s endorsement or recommendation of the client’s
products or services.

Sponsored content relationships have no impact on data, metrics (e.g., price
information, Trust Score, etc.), reports, and other non-sponsored content
provided by Dynamic Capital.

## Collaborating Contributors and Freelancers

Dynamic Capital occasionally publishes content from external collaborating
contributors, or engages the services of freelancers to produce content for us.
All such content is still held to the exact same editorial guidelines set out in
this document, and it is the responsibility of Dynamic Capital editors working
with these contributors or freelancers to ensure that these guidelines are met.
Dynamic Capital retains final editorial say over all content published on our
platforms, including the right to reject any content that does not meet our
guidelines.

Any freelancer engaged by us is required to sign a contract with Dynamic Capital
prior to commencing any work. These contracts contain specific clauses
addressing conflicts of interest, and require them to take care in avoiding such
conflicts, and disclose these conflicts where required. Dynamic Capital editors
working with these freelancers are responsible for addressing situations of
conflict where they arise.

## Attribution

Crypto is an industry that places a strong emphasis on radical transparency, and
all of the data and information available catalyze a constant stream of diverse
analysis and content creation.

Any data, images, charts, or media that we may have obtained or adapted from
other third-party sources must be attributed clearly. We do not tolerate
plagiarism of any kind.

## Errors and Corrections

While we always strive to provide the most accurate facts and information,
errors may occur. We encourage our users to report errors via our Support
channel, so that they can be corrected at the earliest.

Errors, once reported, will be reviewed by the respective editor to determine
the next steps. Simple errors, such as typos, will be fixed promptly. For more
substantial errors, any corrections will be accompanied with a note at the end
of the content explaining the nature of the correction. For content where such a
note may not be possible, e.g., in our newsletter, we will publish a correction
note in the next earliest publication.
